Project Description:The Project I Proposing is a book management system (JBook) where you would able to see a list of books in a book library and view the books. The main functionality that my system will be implementing is first of all the ability to create a book list, to create a new book collection; a user must enter the book title, book code and total pages. Once a book is created, the user will be able to click on a given book title and be able to see book content they want to see. This application will also allow user to search a specific book with a page title.  The main purpose of this application is to create a view where user can search, view, editing the pages of book. Another greater function of this application would be allowing user to view book at anywhere they want by using a supported operation system.The main features of JBook include:•	The ability to view and delete book from book library;•	The ability to view, edit current page from a specific book in book library;•	The ability to search for a specific books;•	The ability to update the information profile for a specific book in book library;•	The ability to extract content from a book page.Technical Specifications:The Linux Ubuntu platform will be used as the test bed for evaluating the JBook system. All source code will be written in Java. GUIThe JBook user interface will be graphical in natures, and user will be able to view up-to-date information instantly.Data StorageThe data of this system will be stored in a SQL database system. The database will be implementing by using SQLITEDependencies:The application will implement with ICEpdf library which is an open source pdf engine for viewing, printing and annotating documents.Final Deliverable:The work submitted for this project will consists of •	The prototype source code and a prototype demo place by end of term.•	A written documentation for the system design includes software design and database design.Milestone and Project ScheduleWeek	Date	Milestone1	January,17,2014	Finalize the proposal and submit to the coordinator2	February,3,2014	Project prototyping and finished introductory chapter of final report3	February,17,2014	Mid-progress report.  Finished project framework demonstration4	March 3,2014	Submit  final draft of Project to supervisor5	March 17,2014	Completing project detail documentation6	March 28,2014	Finalized project report and documentation7	April 8,2014	Report Deadline, Submit the report to coordinator and online repository